packages/decap-cms/README.md, before:

# Decap CMS

A CMS for static site generators. Give users a simple way to edit
and add content to any site built with a static site generator.

[decapcms.org](https://www.decapcms.org/) 

## Community Chat

<a href="https://decapcms.org/chat">Join us on Discord</a>

## How It Works

Decap CMS is a single-page app that you pull into the `/admin` part of your site.

It presents a clean UI for editing content stored in a Git repository.

You setup a YAML config to describe the content model of your site, and typically
tweak the main layout of the CMS a bit to fit your own site.

When a user navigates to `/admin/` they'll be prompted to log in, and once authenticated
they'll be able to create new content or edit existing content.

Read more about Decap CMS [Core Concepts](https://www.decapcms.org/docs/intro/).

## Installation and Configuration

The Decap CMS can be used in two different ways.

* A Quick and easy install, that requires you to create a single HTML file and a configuration file. All the CMS JavaScript and CSS are loaded from a CDN.
  To learn more about this installation method, refer to the [Quick Start Guide](https://www.decapcms.org/docs/quick-start/)
* A complete, more complex install, that gives you more flexibility but requires that you use a static site builder with a build system that supports npm packages.

## Contributing

New contributors are always welcome! Check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/decaporg/decap-cms/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get involved.

## Change Log

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).
Every release is documented on the GitHub [Releases](https://github.com/decaporg/decap-cms/releases) page.

## License

Decap CMS is released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
Please make sure you understand its [implications and guarantees](https://writing.kemitchell.com/2016/09/21/MIT-License-Line-by-Line.html).

## Maintainers

Maintained with care by <a href="https://techhub.p-m.si/">PM</a> & friends.

Commit message:

refactor: rename Decap CMS to Startr Web-Admin across documentation and codebase

packages/decap-cms/README.md, after:

# Startr Web-Admin

A CMS for static site generators. Give users a simple way to edit
and add content to any site built with a static site generator.

[decapcms.org](https://www.decapcms.org/) 

## Community Chat

<a href="https://decapcms.org/chat">Join us on Discord</a>

## How It Works

Startr Web-Admin is a single-page app that you pull into the `/admin` part of your site.

It presents a clean UI for editing content stored in a Git repository.

You setup a YAML config to describe the content model of your site, and typically
tweak the main layout of the CMS a bit to fit your own site.

When a user navigates to `/admin/` they'll be prompted to log in, and once authenticated
they'll be able to create new content or edit existing content.

Read more about Startr Web-Admin [Core Concepts](https://www.decapcms.org/docs/intro/).

## Installation and Configuration

The Startr Web-Admin can be used in two different ways.

* A Quick and easy install, that requires you to create a single HTML file and a configuration file. All the CMS JavaScript and CSS are loaded from a CDN.
  To learn more about this installation method, refer to the [Quick Start Guide](https://www.decapcms.org/docs/quick-start/)
* A complete, more complex install, that gives you more flexibility but requires that you use a static site builder with a build system that supports npm packages.

## Contributing

New contributors are always welcome! Check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/decaporg/decap-cms/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get involved.

## Change Log

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).
Every release is documented on the GitHub [Releases](https://github.com/decaporg/decap-cms/releases) page.

## License

Startr Web-Admin is released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
Please make sure you understand its [implications and guarantees](https://writing.kemitchell.com/2016/09/21/MIT-License-Line-by-Line.html).

## Maintainers

Maintained with care by <a href="https://techhub.p-m.si/">PM</a> & friends.
